COW back_urls update (#899)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-pro/latest/advanced-integration.en.md

]]]

> You can find the list of categories for your `item` in the following [link](https://api.mercadopago.com/item_categories). If you cannot find the category of your product, send the value `others` as ` category_id`.

## Return URL

> At the end of the payment process you have the option to **redirect the buyer to your website.** In order to do this you need to add the `back_urls` attribute and define where you want the 'return to site' button to redirect the buyer depending on the payment status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the payment process you have the option to **redirect the buyer to your website.** In order to do this you need to add the `back_urls` attribute and define where you want the return to site button to redirect the buyer depending on the payment status. 
```

If you want this redirection to be made automatically you need to also add the `auto_return` attribute with value `success`. 

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> Note that the `auto_return` only works for redirect and mobile mode. It does not work for [modal mode](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/online-payments/checkout-pro/integration/) since the buyer stays on your website.

![autoreturn](/images/web-payment-checkout/autoreturn-img.png)

Attribute |	Description
------------ 	|	--------

> `auto_return` | Automatically redirect to your site when the payment is successful. Possible values are _approved_ and _all_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auto_return` | Automatically redirect to your site when the payment is successful. Possible value is `approved`.
```

> |`back_url`| **_success._** Return URL for approved payment.<br><br>**_pending._** Return URL for pending payment.<br><br>**_failure._** Return URL for canceled payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`back_url`| `success`. Return URL for approved payment.<br><br>`pending`. Return URL for pending payment.<br><br>`failure`. Return URL for canceled payment.
```
